Dynalite - addition of switch platform (#12227)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/dynalite.markdown

  type: string
  default: dynalite
active:

>   description: Actively query network. When starting, it will query all devices for their current status, and also will send queries when some changes are in progress (e.g. lights dimming or covers moving). Better experience but creates more load on the Dynalite network. Value can be 'on', 'off', our 'init', where 'init' will only send queries during the initial init of Home Assistant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Actively query network. When starting, it will query all devices for their current status, and also will send queries when some changes are in progress (e.g., lights dimming or covers moving). Better experience but creates more load on the Dynalite network. Value can be `on`, `off`, our `init`, where `init` will only send queries during the initial init of Home Assistant."
```

  required: false
  type: [boolean, string]
  default: false
polltimer:

>   description: Polling interval for devices in transition. Value in seconds. When devices are in transition (e.g., a light fading), it will ask for a new state every X seconds until it is at the target level. Only relevant when active is set to 'on'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Polling interval for devices in transition. Value in seconds. When devices are in transition (e.g., a light fading), it will ask for a new state every X seconds until it is at the target level. Only relevant when active is set to `on`."
```

                  description: Name of the channel.
                  required: false
                  type: string
                  default: AREA_NAME Channel CHANNEL_NUMBER
                type:

>                   description: Type of entity this should appear as. Can be either 'light' or if this is a device that is not a light (e.g. water heater), can be 'switch'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  description: "Type of entity this should appear as. Can be either `light` or if this is a device that is not a light (e.g., water heater), can be `switch`."
```

                  require: false
                  type: string
                  default: light
                fade:
                  description: Fade time for the channel, in seconds.
                  required: false
                  type: float
                  default: 2.0
preset:

>   description: Default presets for any area without the **nodefault** option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Default presets for any area without the `nodefault` option."
```

  required: false
  type: map
  keys:
    PRESET_NUMBER:
      description: The Dynalite preset number in the area.
      required: true
      type: map
      keys:
        name:

>           description: Name of the preset. When used in an area, it will be 'AREA_NAME name'. For example, if a room's name is "Kitchen" and preset 4 is defined with name "Off", it will appear in HA as **Kitchen Off**          

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: "Name of the preset. When used in an area, it will be 'AREA_NAME name'. For example, if a room's name is 'Kitchen' and preset 4 is defined with the name `Off`, it will appear in HA as 'Kitchen Off'."
```

      port: 12345
      autodiscover: true
      polltimer: 1
      area:
        '1':
          name: Office
        '2':
          name: Living Room
          nodefault: true
          channel:
            '2': 
              name: Entrance Spot
              fade: 10.0
            '3': 
              name: Dining Table

> 	      preset:

Reviewer: Please replace the `TAB`s used here by spaces.

Author: done
